# Optimizing an ML Pipeline in Azure

## Overview
This project is part of the Udacity Azure ML Nanodegree.
In this project, we build and optimize an Azure ML pipeline using the Python SDK and a provided Scikit-learn model.
This model is then compared to an Azure AutoML run.

## Summary
**Problem Statement**
The project uses the details about the clients of direct marketing campaigns of a Portuguese banking institution to determine if the clients are likely to subscribe to a bank term deposit. The dataset contains various information about the client: demographic variables, presence of loans, last contact details, outcome of the previous marketing campaign, employment and consumer information. Detailed description of the variables can be found here: https://archive.ics.uci.edu/ml/datasets/Bank+Marketing 

Problem statement: using the information about the client, assess whether the client will subscribe to a bank term deposit or not. The purpose of this analysis is to identify the most relevant clients for next marketing steps, and to increase bank profit by offering the term deposit product to the proper audience. 

**Solution**
The solution uses two different approaches: 
1.  scikit-learn pipeline based on logistic regression, with two optimized hyperparameters - regularuzation strength and maximum number of iterations to converge, with metric "accuracy"
2. autoML model selection, with metric "weighted AUC" for model selection, and accuracy for comparing the models 
The best performing model 




**In 1-2 sentences, explain the solution: e.g. "The best performing model was a ..."**

## Scikit-learn Pipeline
**Explain the pipeline architecture, including data, hyperparameter tuning, and classification algorithm.**

**What are the benefits of the parameter sampler you chose?**

**What are the benefits of the early stopping policy you chose?**

## AutoML
**In 1-2 sentences, describe the model and hyperparameters generated by AutoML.**

## Pipeline comparison
**Compare the two models and their performance. What are the differences in accuracy? In architecture? If there was a difference, why do you think there was one?**

## Future work
**What are some areas of improvement for future experiments? Why might these improvements help the model?**

## Proof of cluster clean up
**If you did not delete your compute cluster in the code, please complete this section. Otherwise, delete this section.**
**Image of cluster marked for deletion**
